Can we talk about how we can solve this
customer's issue?I got some ideas. Yeah,
sounds great. Let's do that. Here are
my ideas. So number one that we should
make sure that. When you are in a
conversation, do you listen or just
wait for your turn to talk?How often are
you actually thinking about nothing else
other than words coming out from the
other person's mouth?Probably not
often. And you're not alone.
Research shows that the average person
listens at only about 25%
efficiency. While
most people agree that listening
effectively is crucial, most people don't
feel a strong need to improve their own
skill level. Verbal communication
is essential in daily life, but it's
especially important in your career. From
your first job interview to your weekly
meetings,You need to understand and
retain what your colleagues, bosses, and
clients are telling you. Active listening
helps you collaborate more effectively,
reduce misunderstandings, improve
productivity, and all of these are
necessary for workplace success.
Wait, so how can I improve my active
listening skill?I'm glad you asked.
Here are three quick tips to help you get
started: Number one is to pay
attention. It means to pay attention
to the speaker and not your own thoughts.
Number two is to show that you are
listening. For example, have eye
contact. Number three is
paraphrasing. This tests your
understanding of what is heard so that
you can reflect the speaker's thoughts in
your own words. For example, you can
say, I think you are saying that.
Or, Do you mean this?When you
ask questions like this, you help the
speaker know what you understand or don't
understand, in which case they can
clarify for you. Active
listening calls for receiving
information, processing it, and then
giving feedback to the speaker
respectfully. And this isn't always
easy. However, it's really all
about shutting down distractions, being
present, and not being afraid of silence
or disagreement. You can do this.